[MULTIARCH-3446, 3447] Add 4.14 restriction for P/Z (#66864)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-support.adoc

The oc-mirror plugin supports mirroring {product-title} payload images and Operator catalogs for {product-title} versions 4.10 and later.

[NOTE]
====

> On `ppc64le` and `s390x` architectures the oc-mirror plugin is only supported for {product-title} versions 4.14 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On `ppc64le` and `s390x` architectures the oc-mirror plug-in is only supported for {product-title} versions 4.14 and later.
```
See ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#p

Author: @tmalove I know IBM Style Guide still says plug-in. However, the RH SSG changed guidance it's plugin now https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#plugin-adj

> On `ppc64le` and `s390x` architectures the oc-mirror plugin is only supported for {product-title} versions 4.14 and later.

Reviewer 2: Hi Silke! This note also applies to the ARM arch, can you add `aarch64` arch, thank you
```suggestion
On `aarch64`, `ppc64le` and `s390x` architectures the oc-mirror plugin is only supported for {product-title} versions 4.14 and later.
```
